README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Vase4</h1>

`main image`

## Description:
ChatGPT and Generative AI educational Guide. Basic application for fun practice and Vase building. The Expression *One Vase A day will teach you more than spending hours trying to perfectly make one vase.* 

## Technology Stack
- **Frontend/Client:** React.js, HTML5, CSS, framework, etc.
- **API:** Api calls or external sources used
- **Backend/Server:** node.js/express or python alternatives, include databases

<h2 align="center">Video:</h2>

## Screen Shots:
<p align="center">Please reference the screenshot folder for more available images</p>

`selected image 1`

`selected image 2`

`selected image 3`

## Run Code (Environment)

### Front-End Instructions `<examples below>`
- confirm that config is appropriate:
```
> node -v
> npm -v
> git --version
```

- Initial package.json & install dependenies(localhost:3000):
    - Must be `cd`'d into frontend/client for install
    - MUI, `react-router-dom`, redux, formik, etc... (see resources)
```
> npx create-react-app <project name>
> cd <project name>
> npm install @mui/icons-material @mui/material @emotion/styled @emotion/react
> npm install --save react-router-dom
> npm install react-redux @reduxjs/toolkit
> npm install formik yup dotenv react-responsive-carousel
> npm install --save @stripe/react-stripe-js @stripe/stripe-js
```
- Test front-end once pages are generated (ctrl-c to exit):
```
> npm run start
```

### Back-End Helpful Instructions `<examples below>`
- Initial package.json & install dependencies:
    - Must be `cd`'d into backend/server for install
```
> npx create-strapi-app@latest <project name>
> cd <project name>
> npm install --save stripe
```
- Strapi Database generated (ctrl-c to exit):
```
> npm run develop
```
- **Avoid** *npm run start* and use the `npm run develop`. 
- Allow server to restart with each edit (see resources): 
    - **Content-Type Builder**: Item entry
    - **Media Library**: upload photos
    - **Permissions**: Settings > Roles > Public
- When using .env variables remember to [install prior](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv/v/14.0.0)
```
npm install dotenv --save
```
-
    - Create a .env file in the root directory of your project.
    - Import and configure dotenv.
    - Establish a .gitignore [here](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore)

- In frontend fetch `item` from backend (*localhost:1337*):
```
const grouping = "items"
const items = await fetch(
`http://localhost:1337/api/${grouping}`
)
```
--------------------------
### Deployment



## Contact:
<!--- You can add in your linkedin, medium, stack overflow, dev.to account, etc. here --->
If you want to contact me you can reach me at <nelson@oakhalo.com>.

Connect with me on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayla-nelson/">LinkedIn</a>

Connect with me on <a href="https://github.com/oakHalo">Oakhalo.dev</a>

## Resources:
#### **Artificial Intelligence (AI):**
- **OpenAi** for chatGPT [here](https://openai.com/)
    - **ChatGPT** [here](https://platform.openai.com/docs/overview)
        - Pricing Options for [Platform](https://platform.openai.com/docs/pricing) and [OpenAI](https://openai.com/api/pricing/) including Text Generation [Documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text?api-mode=responses)
    - Large Language Models (LLM) like [LM Studio as a Local LLM API Server](https://lmstudio.ai/docs/app/api) and [Configuring Ollama AI LLM](https://medium.com/@sreskills/configuring-ollama-ai-llm-on-an-ec2-instance-in-aws-12cff0f5d83b), including [models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models)

    ```
    > api_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1/responses"
  headers = {
    > "Content-Type": "application/json",
    > "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR OPENAI API KEY"
        }
    > body = {
    > "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
    > "instructions": "You are a helpful, friendly assistant.",
    > "input": history,
    > "temperature": 0.7,
    > "top_p": 0.9
          }
 
    > response = requests.post(api_url, headers=headers, json=body)
    ```
    - **Canvas** mode article [here](https://openai.com/index/introducing-canvas/)
    - Image Generation with 4o [here](https://openai.com/index/introducing-4o-image-generation/) 
    - **DALL-E2 / 3** for [Image Generation](https://openai.com/index/dall-e-3/)
        - Older **Dall-E2** [Video Tools](https://openai.com/index/dall-e-2/)

- **n8n** is a Flexible [AI Workflow](https://n8n.io/?ps_partner_key=OTVlYzIyMDM5NjBl&ps_xid=Va7qbTJi4jqN9L&gsxid=Va7qbTJi4jqN9L&gspk=OTVlYzIyMDM5NjBl&gad_source=1) automation for technical teams automation for technical teams:
    - **Docker Installation** [documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/hosting/installation/docker/)

- **Gemini** from Google [here](https://deepmind.google/models/gemini/)
    - **DeepMind** also produced **Gemma** [here](https://deepmind.google/models/gemma/) that works with **PyTorch** [here](https://ai.google.dev/gemma/docs/core/pytorch_gemma)

- **Copilot** from Microsoft [here](https://copilot.microsoft.com/chats/rpkvJ7S3n4AYbn2snuAYW)
    - **AI Assistant** tools to SuperCharge [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-copilot/organizations)

- **Claude** from Anthropic [here](https://www.anthropic.com/claude)
    - **Anthropic** Article [here](https://www.anthropic.com/news/introducing-claude) is prefered for Code Generation


#### **Large Language Models (LLM):**
- **DeepSeek** for LLM models [here](https://www.deepseek.com/)
    - Github Repo's for educational purposes [DeepSeek-R1](https://github.com/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1)

- **Hugging Face** for LLM models [here](https://huggingface.co/)
    - Models search [here](https://huggingface.co/models)

- **LM Arena** for LLM models [here](https://lmarena.ai/)
    - Prompt. Vote. Advance AI. [GPU's and VRAMS](https://maximilian-schwarzmueller.com/articles/llms-gpu-cpu-vram-ram/) and [Making Sense of Quantization](https://maximilian-schwarzmueller.com/articles/making-sense-of-quantization/)
    - With AWS [Using Open LLMs On-Demand via Bedrock](https://maximilian-schwarzmueller.com/articles/using-open-models-on-demand-via-bedrock/)
    - AWS in combination with [Ollama EC2](https://medium.com/@sreskills/configuring-ollama-ai-llm-on-an-ec2-instance-in-aws-12cff0f5d83b)


#### **Image Generation:**
- **KlingAI** for [Image Generation](https://www.klingai.com/global/)
    - Documentation and [Video Editing](https://app.klingai.com/global/image-to-video/frame-mode/new?ra=4) is available

- **MidJourney** for [Image Generation](https://www.midjourney.com/home)
    - Documentation for getting [started](https://docs.midjourney.com/hc/en-us) with image Generation
    - Discord compatability is [available](https://discord.com/invite/midjourney)
    - **Upscalers** increase image [size](https://docs.midjourney.com/hc/en-us/articles/32804058614669-Upscalers)
      - Movie and [video](https://docs.midjourney.com/hc/en-us/articles/37460773864589-Video) generation

#### **Additional Tools:**
- **ElevenLabs** for [Voice AI Generation](https://elevenlabs.io/)
    - Expressive Speech models [Eleven v3](https://elevenlabs.io/v3)
    - Conversational Agent [Platform]()

#### **style:** 
- `frameworks and links associated`

- Filler Text [typographic](https://generator.lorem-ipsum.info/)
    - Lorem Ipsum 
- Google Fonts [here](https://fonts.google.com/)

#### **helpful hint:** 
- `useful hints for future projects to go faster`
- console log testing with `ctr-alt-l` 
- Always Stay Positive & Triple Check Permissions :)




<!-- 
### TODO stx: 
Future Structure (stx):
backend
frontend
images
screenShots [contains video link]
troubleShooting [contains issues resolved]
--
https://www.udemy.com/course/chatgpt-bard-bing-complete-guide-to-chatgpt-openai-apis/learn/lecture/50196317#overview

-->

Commit message:

readme resources for AI Agents TODO n8n automation workflow

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Vase4</h1>

`main image`

## Description:
ChatGPT and Generative AI educational Guide. Basic application for fun practice and Vase building. The Expression *One Vase A day will teach you more than spending hours trying to perfectly make one vase.* 

## Technology Stack
- **Frontend/Client:** React.js, HTML5, CSS, framework, etc.
- **API:** Api calls or external sources used
- **Backend/Server:** node.js/express or python alternatives, include databases

<h2 align="center">Video:</h2>

## Screen Shots:
<p align="center">Please reference the screenshot folder for more available images</p>

`selected image 1`

`selected image 2`

`selected image 3`

## Run Code (Environment)

### Front-End Instructions `<examples below>`
- confirm that config is appropriate:
```
> node -v
> npm -v
> git --version
```

- Initial package.json & install dependenies(localhost:3000):
    - Must be `cd`'d into frontend/client for install
    - MUI, `react-router-dom`, redux, formik, etc... (see resources)
```
> npx create-react-app <project name>
> cd <project name>
> npm install @mui/icons-material @mui/material @emotion/styled @emotion/react
> npm install --save react-router-dom
> npm install react-redux @reduxjs/toolkit
> npm install formik yup dotenv react-responsive-carousel
> npm install --save @stripe/react-stripe-js @stripe/stripe-js
```
- Test front-end once pages are generated (ctrl-c to exit):
```
> npm run start
```

### Back-End Helpful Instructions `<examples below>`
- Initial package.json & install dependencies:
    - Must be `cd`'d into backend/server for install
```
> npx create-strapi-app@latest <project name>
> cd <project name>
> npm install --save stripe
```
- Strapi Database generated (ctrl-c to exit):
```
> npm run develop
```
- **Avoid** *npm run start* and use the `npm run develop`. 
- Allow server to restart with each edit (see resources): 
    - **Content-Type Builder**: Item entry
    - **Media Library**: upload photos
    - **Permissions**: Settings > Roles > Public
- When using .env variables remember to [install prior](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv/v/14.0.0)
```
npm install dotenv --save
```
-
    - Create a .env file in the root directory of your project.
    - Import and configure dotenv.
    - Establish a .gitignore [here](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore)

- In frontend fetch `item` from backend (*localhost:1337*):
```
const grouping = "items"
const items = await fetch(
`http://localhost:1337/api/${grouping}`
)
```
--------------------------
### Deployment



## Contact:
<!--- You can add in your linkedin, medium, stack overflow, dev.to account, etc. here --->
If you want to contact me you can reach me at <nelson@oakhalo.com>.

Connect with me on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayla-nelson/">LinkedIn</a>

Connect with me on <a href="https://github.com/oakHalo">Oakhalo.dev</a>

## Resources:
- **n8n** is a Flexible [AI Workflow](https://n8n.io/?ps_partner_key=OTVlYzIyMDM5NjBl&ps_xid=Va7qbTJi4jqN9L&gsxid=Va7qbTJi4jqN9L&gspk=OTVlYzIyMDM5NjBl&gad_source=1) automation for technical teams automation for technical teams:
    - **Docker Installation** [documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/hosting/installation/docker/)
- **Gumloop** The AI automation platform built for everyone [here](https://www.gumloop.com/)
- **Flowise** Build AI Agents Visually [here](https://flowiseai.com/)
- **Trilix** build AI Agent Teams without being a software engineer and the first no-code AI Agent Builder [created](https://dev3lop.com/trilex-ai/)
---
- **Pydantic AI** is a Python agent framework designed to make it less painful to build production grade applications with [Generative AI](https://ai.pydantic.dev/) and [github](https://github.com/pydantic/pydantic-ai)
- **Crew AI** The Leading Multi-Agent [Platform Streamline](https://www.crewai.com/) workflows across industries with powerful AI agents. Build and deploy automated workflows using any LLM and cloud platform. [Github](https://github.com/crewAIInc/crewAI) is a useful tool.
- **AI SDK** is the TypeScript [toolkit](https://ai-sdk.dev/docs/introduction) designed to help developers build AI-powered applications and agents with React, Next.js, Vue, Svelte, Node.js, and more.

#### **Artificial Intelligence (AI):**
- **OpenAi** for chatGPT [here](https://openai.com/)
    - **ChatGPT** [here](https://platform.openai.com/docs/overview)
        - Pricing Options for [Platform](https://platform.openai.com/docs/pricing) and [OpenAI](https://openai.com/api/pricing/) including Text Generation [Documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text?api-mode=responses)
    - Large Language Models (LLM) like [LM Studio as a Local LLM API Server](https://lmstudio.ai/docs/app/api) and [Configuring Ollama AI LLM](https://medium.com/@sreskills/configuring-ollama-ai-llm-on-an-ec2-instance-in-aws-12cff0f5d83b), including [models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models)

    ```
    > api_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1/responses"
  headers = {
    > "Content-Type": "application/json",
    > "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR OPENAI API KEY"
        }
    > body = {
    > "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
    > "instructions": "You are a helpful, friendly assistant.",
    > "input": history,
    > "temperature": 0.7,
    > "top_p": 0.9
          }
 
    > response = requests.post(api_url, headers=headers, json=body)
    ```
    - **Canvas** mode article [here](https://openai.com/index/introducing-canvas/)
    - Image Generation with 4o [here](https://openai.com/index/introducing-4o-image-generation/) 
    - **DALL-E2 / 3** for [Image Generation](https://openai.com/index/dall-e-3/)
        - Older **Dall-E2** [Video Tools](https://openai.com/index/dall-e-2/)

- **Gemini** from Google [here](https://deepmind.google/models/gemini/)
    - **DeepMind** also produced **Gemma** [here](https://deepmind.google/models/gemma/) that works with **PyTorch** [here](https://ai.google.dev/gemma/docs/core/pytorch_gemma)

- **Copilot** from Microsoft [here](https://copilot.microsoft.com/chats/rpkvJ7S3n4AYbn2snuAYW)
    - **AI Assistant** tools to SuperCharge [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-copilot/organizations)

- **Claude** from Anthropic [here](https://www.anthropic.com/claude)
    - **Anthropic** Article [here](https://www.anthropic.com/news/introducing-claude) is prefered for Code Generation


#### **Large Language Models (LLM):**
- **DeepSeek** for LLM models [here](https://www.deepseek.com/)
    - Github Repo's for educational purposes [DeepSeek-R1](https://github.com/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1)

- **Hugging Face** for LLM models [here](https://huggingface.co/)
    - Models search [here](https://huggingface.co/models)

- **LM Arena** for LLM models [here](https://lmarena.ai/)
    - Prompt. Vote. Advance AI. [GPU's and VRAMS](https://maximilian-schwarzmueller.com/articles/llms-gpu-cpu-vram-ram/) and [Making Sense of Quantization](https://maximilian-schwarzmueller.com/articles/making-sense-of-quantization/)
    - With AWS [Using Open LLMs On-Demand via Bedrock](https://maximilian-schwarzmueller.com/articles/using-open-models-on-demand-via-bedrock/)
    - AWS in combination with [Ollama EC2](https://medium.com/@sreskills/configuring-ollama-ai-llm-on-an-ec2-instance-in-aws-12cff0f5d83b)


#### **Image Generation:**
- **KlingAI** for [Image Generation](https://www.klingai.com/global/)
    - Documentation and [Video Editing](https://app.klingai.com/global/image-to-video/frame-mode/new?ra=4) is available

- **MidJourney** for [Image Generation](https://www.midjourney.com/home)
    - Documentation for getting [started](https://docs.midjourney.com/hc/en-us) with image Generation
    - Discord compatability is [available](https://discord.com/invite/midjourney)
    - **Upscalers** increase image [size](https://docs.midjourney.com/hc/en-us/articles/32804058614669-Upscalers)
      - Movie and [video](https://docs.midjourney.com/hc/en-us/articles/37460773864589-Video) generation

#### **Additional Tools:**
- **ElevenLabs** for [Voice AI Generation](https://elevenlabs.io/)
    - Expressive Speech models [Eleven v3](https://elevenlabs.io/v3)
    - Conversational Agent [Platform]()

#### **style:** 
- `frameworks and links associated`

- Filler Text [typographic](https://generator.lorem-ipsum.info/)
    - Lorem Ipsum 
- Google Fonts [here](https://fonts.google.com/)

#### **helpful hint:** 
- `useful hints for future projects to go faster`
- console log testing with `ctr-alt-l` 
- Always Stay Positive & Triple Check Permissions :)




<!-- 
### TODO stx: 
Future Structure (stx):
backend
frontend
images
screenShots [contains video link]
troubleShooting [contains issues resolved]
--
https://www.udemy.com/course/chatgpt-bard-bing-complete-guide-to-chatgpt-openai-apis/learn/lecture/50196317#overview

-->
